[[Business context]]
Farm Corp a worldwide designer, manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment, announced that it had instituted a new matrix management structure within the company that is designed to improve operating focus and procedural control and to identify and develop candidates for succession requirements. The approach provides for both operating control of sales, manufacturing, and engineering by geographical brand, and functional supervisory responsibility on a worldwide basis. The dual management system is expected to provide increased focus on a given brand in a specific regional market, while the functional management provides expertise and coordination of specific technical responsibilities such as manufacturing, engineering, material management, product development, sales and marketing, and finance on a global basis.

This organization provides more specific authority and responsibility to enhance control procedures, brand market development and cooperation in coordinating the various worldwide assets of the company. In addition, the arrangement provides the opportunity for human resource development with hands on experience in an operating environment.

To facilitate this change, the company announced that  Sales & Marketing Worldwide, would reduce the focus of his responsibility to General Manager, Americas, which would include North America, South America and the East Asia & Pacific regions. In a similar position, the company named a General Manager of the Europe, Africa & Mid East region (EAME). Also named was a  General Manager of the Challenger Division, as a worldwide responsibility, which includes the Challenger brand, Applications Equipment, and the Jackson factory. These individuals report to the President & CEO.

Regionally, a Managing Director of Massey- Ferguson, South America, which includes the Canoas and Santa Rosa factories, was named Managing Director of Valtra, South America, which includes the Mogi das Cruzes factory. General Manager of North America, includes all brands in that region including the Hesston factory. The remaining Managing Director of the East Asia & Pacific region, which is a distribution responsibility for all brands, except Challenger. All of these individuals report to General Manager, Americas.

In Europe, Managing Director of Massey-Ferguson, EAME, which includes the Randers and Beauvais factories;  Managing Director of Fendt, EAME, which includes the Marktoberdorf and Baumenheim factories; and  Managing Director of Valtra, EAME, which includes the Suolahti factory and the Sisu Diesel business. These individuals report to General Manager of the Europe, Africa & Mid East region (EAME).

Concurrently, the Application Equipment Division (the sprayer business) was merged into the Challenger Division with a new position as Challenger Business Development. A General Manager of the Applications Group. These individuals report to General Manager of the Challenger Division.

From a functional point of view the senior staff will continue with Manager Engineering, Manager  Manufacturing & Quality, Materials Management and  Product Development. These individuals also report to the President & CEO.

President & CEO commented, "The new structure has been planned for implementation with the conclusion of the Valtra acquisition, and represents a new approach to successfully developing the multiple brand strategy, globally. In addition, the structure provides increased emphasis and assurance that procedural control is maintained, while it also provides for the training and development of senior management requirements in the future."

The Board of Directors has been developing a long-term succession plan since the tragic loss of two executives in a plane crash in 2002. The addition of a Materials Management last fall and this organizational change are all part of the succession plan which will be fully implemented in 2004.